# Non-Student Members

Responsibility for ensuring that non-students have a limited advisory role \(as outlined in Article 4\) lies with Executive Directors who oversee individual departments, but ultimately must be enforced by the Board of Directors in concert with the General Manager. Specifically, the General Manager is required to request a formal report from each Executive Director in the middle of the Fall and Winter terms. These reports shall be submitted to the Board of Directors. The Executive Directors shall check with the University Registrar on the student status of every individual in their respective departments. The General Manager shall keep a record of such reports. Finally, it is the province of both the General Manager and the Board of Directors to determine whether a non-student is serving the function put forth in this policy. The General Manager may overrule an Executive Director on such a decision, and the Board of Directors may in turn override the General Manager.

Any Network Member \(or any other person, including the Board of Directors\) may request a review of a specific non-student's position and function at the Network, which shall be conducted by the General Manager \(who shall inform the Board\). In the case of the dissatisfaction of any individual, the inquiry may be reviewed by the Board of Directors. In all cases, care shall be taken to treat all parties involved with the utmost respect, since all persons at the Network are volunteers of their time and effort whose ultimate concern is assumed to be the well-being of the Network and the communities it serves.

Each of WCBN's dedicated community advisors brings his or her unique expertise and generously donates time to educate and train our student volunteers. Our community advisors are experts in little-known genres of music, such as 1920's jazz, Indian classical, rockabilly, 20th century experimental, Jamaican dancehall music, etc.; or have extensive experience writing press releases or music reviews for newspapers and music guides, producing live bands or recorded announcements for radio play, administrating internet servers, etc.; or use their connections to arrange on-air ticket giveaways, interviews with locally or nationally famous musicians and authors, performances at our recruitment and awareness events and concerts, etc. Non-students who are seeking to join WCBN must justify their applications and explain in what ways they will contribute to the education of student volunteers. In all cases, the primary responsibility of non-student volunteers of WCBN is to enhance the engaged learning of our student membership: in accordance with our constitution, student members receive priority over non-student advisors in the normal function of a network department.

